TODO whenever: make updated logic spreadsheet or equivalent

TODO 2.1: Add DeathLink amnesty (customizable how many real deaths are needed to trigger a DeathLink death).
TODO 2.1: starting_realms should allow for entering "Random" like goal so that random choice doesn't require auto_corrections to be set to 'fix'
TODO 2.1: Expand location groups to include per-level collections like "Dragon Village Dark Gems" and similar.
TODO 2.1: Add "automatic" setting to boss_lair_forcing which forces all goal bosses (if any are part of goal) to have collectively the highest cost(s).
TODO 2.1: Expand movement_randomization to allow for individual toggling of each instead of it being all or nothing.
TODO 2.1: Improve "Generics" filler selection process to pick one of each before duplicating. Would ensure more variety in the humorous names each seed.
TODO 2.1: Expand starting_breath to allow for starting with multiple breaths.

TODO: Add support for tricks. Would not include huge game-wide things like infinite jumps - would be limited to smaller things.
TODO: Investigate if caching rules is worth doing.
TODO: Add project-level unit testing. Will likely require refactoring significant chunks of the project.
TODO: Explore ways to communicate world logic better. For example, custom rule explanations and a command to do so, and/or a command that details what regions are accessible.
TODO: Research what things in the game require only glide as opposed to DJ + glide to possibly loosen requirements in those spots. 
TODO: Consider redoing location IDs to reflect the new region design and goals (such as numbering Dark Gems together).
TODO: Consider allowing direct control over how many randomized shop items there are, separate to key_rings.
TODO: Add ability to exclude a full level from gem logic if that level's location group is in exclude_locations.
TODO: Consider removing vanilla_minigame_rewards because the functionality can be plando'd.
TODO: Research ideas for traps and whether they're doable and worth the effort. Humorous examples include a "capitalism trap" which forces open the shop dialog when received. Could also repurpose "Spam Call from Moneybags" to be a trap which plays Moneybags audio.
TODO: Investigate why the client prevents collectibles from being added if it'd put them over the game's vanilla maximum count. Not sure why it's in place and if it's needed.
TODO: Add a "sent <item> to <player>" notification to the client similar to the one for receiving items or hints.
TODO: Investigate if the mission menu text can be modified to reflect costs for Light Gem doors and other cost things.
TODO: Fix game mod not displaying the right gem logic information when in minigames.